About Us
ABOUT THE NAME

The name ACMACH SERV stands for Air conditioning, Construction and MACHineries SERVices. Deals mainly for air conditioning service such as supply and installation, troubleshooting/ repair and preventive maintenance for air conditioning units and other machineries; Repair works, renovations and other construction services.

ABOUT THE LOGO

The logo consists of 3 main icons. First is the Cooling logo stands for air conditioning; then second is the Gear logo for machineries and the last is the Hands for construction and services. Working and gearing together to provide best and coolest solution for your air conditioning and construction needs.

​ACMACH SERV INC. is a company composed of experienced/ skilled Filipino workers who are expert in the field of air-conditioning and construction works. The company caters to a vast array of services for residential and industrial clients which includes design, supply, installation, troubleshooting, repair and preventive maintenance of air-conditioning units, chiller system, compressors and machinery. The company also offers repair and renovation works and other construction services.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Our Vision, Mission & Values
Our Vision
By the year 2025, ACMACH SERV will be recognized nationwide in air conditioning and construction services.

Our Mission
We are highly committed to provide the coolest solution for your air conditioning and construction needs; To provide the best value for money for air-conditioning units, supplies and services to residential and industrial clients; To provide quality and cost-efficient construction services.

Our Values
​We believe in treating our customers with Integrity.
We grow through creativity and innovations to provide best services in all undertakings.
We integrate professionalism and business ethics all the time.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Business Objectives and Goals

OBJECTIVES. To be the leading air conditioning supplier/ installer  and in construction services by providing quality and cost-efficient services and machineries.

GOALS. Regional expansion in the field of air conditioning and construction services; and develop strong base of key customers. Increase the assets and investments of the company to support development of services and provision of machineries and equipment. To build good reputation in the field of air conditioning and construction services and become a key player in the industry.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Services
Air-conditioning Services
Supply and installation, troubleshoot & repair, and cleaning, maintenance & preventive maintenance of air-conditioning and ventilation units. Also caters design and estimate of cooling load requirement.

Mechanical Works and Services
Such as Welding Works,
Pipe/ Plumbing Works,
Ducting Works.

WHAT WE DO...
...is to provide you the coolest solution
for your air-conditioning needs.
ACMACH believes that your satisfaction is our success.
That is why, we ensure to meet all the standards with quality and
safe practices in all undertakings.
We do it professionally at all times!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Products
ACMACH is Authorized Distributor of Fujiair. Fujiair has become one of the world’s leading brands of quality airconditioners from Japan. Fujiair airconditioners offer frontier technologies in the form of UV Photocatalytic Air Cleaner & Electronic Ioniser plus a host of other energy-saving and environmentally-friendly features. All Fujiair airconditioners are built to last and have undergone stringent performance tests surpassing JIS, ARI, CB, CE, ISO and other international standards.

Residential Air-con
Wide range of residential systems for almost all household applications. Ranging from Portable aircon, Window units, Split Wall mounted aircon.... choices of panel designs and capacities.

Commercial Air-con
The Fujiair Fan Coil Unit is designed and manufactured on the base of advanced technology, and utilizes qualified galvanized iron as structure material. Due to its supper-thin design, it has such advantages: beautiful outlook, space saving, easy installation, etc. And the most obvious advantage is that it can decrease the outlet air temperature difference as low as possible to make the room more comfortable, as well as doesn't reduce the cooling capacity output.

Industrial Air-con
Fujiair designed and manufactured premium solutions for industrial chiller needs. Chillers such as Centrifugal, water-cooled, air-cooled and air-cooled modular chillers.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

T H E C O R E T E A M
Our Designers

Bernard Llanes
Graduated Masters in Management and Registered Mechanical Engineer with 8-years of experience in mechanical engineering field. Primarily focused on implementation of standard and safe operations for plant mechanical systems and other plant facilities.

Manuel De Guzman
Graduated Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering with 6-years experienced in engineering field.  Focused on design, estimation of materials, preventive maintenance, installation and servicing of air conditioning units. Also handles provisions and generations of quality control and assurance programs and procedures and other work related policies.

Eduard Abad
Certified Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Mechanic/ Technician with 15-years of experience in installation and servicing of refrigeration and air conditioning system. Knowledgeable in outdoor sports, arts and crafts, and reading.

Melvin Esperanza
Certfied HVAC Technician with 16-years of experience in Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) system. Expert in repair, installation and maintenance of all types of home and industrial air-conditioning system, chillers and compressors including Air Handling Unit (AHU) and Fan Coil Unit (FCU).

Bernadette De Guzman
Proficient and effective Academe Teacher, Major in English, with 7-years experienced in Teaching Industry. Ensure quality and joyful classroom discussion and teaching. Ensure students attain the required learning not just understanding but to enjoy to the fullest as well. Teaches and handled students with different nationalities such as Japanese, Koreans, Arabians, Egyptian and others.

Eugine Gaufo
Project engineer with 5 years experience in building and high rise construction projects. Focused on construction design and installation. Manage the effective preparation and implementation of Project Execution Plan (PEP). Very Strict to ensure design quality assurance procedures are adhered to at all times. Expert in Autocad and Sketchup Design applications.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONTACT US
Let's Talk
To further assist and answer your inquiries, you may contact us thru call and email.

You can also leave us your contact info and your queries here in this link;
https://form.jotform.me/70782685502461
Hours

​Weekdays / 8:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Saturday / 8:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Sunday / No office
Corporate office

Ph.1, Pkg. 3, Blk. 47, Lot 7,
Bagong Silang Caloocan City
Contact Info

Landline: 816-0472
Cellphone: 0998-1738620
Email: acmachserv@gmail.com


